FAQ item to explain disappearing messages (#765)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/help.md

  message them or write to a group they're in as well.

### How do disappearing messages work? {#ephemeralmsgs}

You can turn on "disappearing messages"
in the settings of a chat,
at the top right of the chat window,
by selecting a time span
between 30 seconds and 5 weeks.

Until the setting is turned off again,
each chat member's Delta Chat app takes care
of deleting the messages
after the selected time span.
The time span begins when the receiver's Delta Chat app
first sees the message.
The messages are deleted
both in each email account on the server,
and in the app itself.

Note that you can rely on disappearing messages
only as long as you trust your chat partners;

> malicious chat partners can screenshot
> or otherwise save a message before it is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
malicious chat partners can take photos,
or otherwise save, copy or forward messages before deletion.
```

i'd avoid the term "screenshot" here as this immediately results in the statement "why don't you disable screenshots as other apps?" - and we should not dive deeper in this help :)

moreover, i'd pick up at least the terms we have in the UI.

["… sent a message from another device"](#nocryptanymore) warning. 

### How do disappearing messages work?

You can turn on "disappearing messages"
in the settings of a chat,
at the top right of the chat window,
by selecting a time span
between 30 seconds and 5 weeks.

Until the setting is turned off again,
each chat member's Delta Chat app takes care
of deleting the messages
after the selected time span.
The time span begins when the receiver's Delta Chat app
first sees the message.
The messages are deleted
both in each email account on the server,
and in the app itself.

Note that you can rely on disappearing messages
only as long as you trust your chat partners;
malicious chat partners can screenshot
or otherwise save a message before it is deleted.

Apart from that,

> if one chat partner silently uninstalls Delta Chat,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if one chat partner uninstalls Delta Chat,
```

i think, "silently" does not really matter here
